README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/SPACETRAVELLERSHUB-violetpink)

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
    - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

# 📖 Space Traveller's Hub

<a name="about-project"></a>

# Space Traveller's Hub

This is a web application for a company that provides commercial and scientific space travel services. The application will allow users to book rockets and join selected space missions. The application uses live data from the SpaceX API.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

- React and redux
- Visual Studio Code
- Git & Github

### Key Features

- Space Traveller's Hub

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>
- [Live Demo Link](https://space-travellers-hub-x10r.onrender.com)


## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

- Open terminal
- Clone this project by the command `git clone https://github.com/abenaTenkorang/react_group_project.git`
- `cd <clone>` folder
- Run `npm start` in your local browser or using Live Server in Visual Studio Code.

### Prerequisites

- IDE to edit and run the code (We use Visual Studio Code 🔥).
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) already downloaded.
- Create React App - [click here to getting started](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/getting-started).

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:
cd my-folder
git clone https://github.com/abenaTenkorang/react_group_project.git

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

- npx eslint "\*_/_.{js,jsx}"

### Future Features

- Add more css properties
- Add more functionalities

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Esther Mawioo**

- [Github](https://github.com/mumo-esther/mumo-esther)
- [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/esther-mawioo-58b636225/)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/EstherMawioo)

👤 **Abigail Gyamfuaa Boateng**

- [Github](https://github.com/abenaTenkorang)
- [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abigail-boateng-345395141/)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Abi1_boateng)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project you can give it a ⭐️.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used 🔰
- Inspiration 💘
- Our standup team 🏹⚡🙌

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

Update key and future features

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/SPACETRAVELLERSHUB-violetpink)

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
    - [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
    - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

# 📖 Space Traveller's Hub

<a name="about-project"></a>

# Space Traveller's Hub

This is a web application for a company that provides commercial and scientific space travel services. The application will allow users to book rockets and join selected space missions. The application uses live data from the SpaceX API.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

- React and redux
- Visual Studio Code
- Git & Github

### Key Features

- Fetching Rockets and Missions from API
- Reserve rockets and join missions
- See reserved rockets and joined missions in my profile page.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Future Features

- Develop the dragon section

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>
- [Live Demo Link](https://space-travellers-hub-x10r.onrender.com)


## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

- Open terminal
- Clone this project by the command `git clone https://github.com/abenaTenkorang/react_group_project.git`
- `cd <clone>` folder
- Run `npm start` in your local browser or using Live Server in Visual Studio Code.

### Prerequisites

- IDE to edit and run the code (We use Visual Studio Code 🔥).
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) already downloaded.
- Create React App - [click here to getting started](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/getting-started).

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:
cd my-folder
git clone https://github.com/abenaTenkorang/react_group_project.git

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

- npx eslint "\*_/_.{js,jsx}"

### Future Features

- Add more css properties
- Add more functionalities

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Esther Mawioo**

- [Github](https://github.com/mumo-esther/mumo-esther)
- [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/esther-mawioo-58b636225/)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/EstherMawioo)

👤 **Abigail Gyamfuaa Boateng**

- [Github](https://github.com/abenaTenkorang)
- [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abigail-boateng-345395141/)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Abi1_boateng)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project you can give it a ⭐️.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used 🔰
- Inspiration 💘
- Our standup team 🏹⚡🙌

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.
